{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Beneficiary data set\ulnone\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 BeneID : Id number of beneficiary \par
DOB :  date of birth of beneficiary\par
DOD :  date of death of beneficiary \par
Gender : gender of beneficairy (male,female) \par
Race :  race of benefiacry(4 type)\par
RenalDiseaseIndicator : The kidneys play a vital role in the excretion of waste products and toxins such as urea, creatinine and uric acid, regulation of extracellular fluid volume, serum osmolality and electrolyte concentrations, as well as the production of hormones like erythropoietin and 1,25 dihydroxy vitamin D and renin. The functional unit of the kidney is the nephron, which consists of the glomerulus, proximal and distal tubules, and collecting duct. Assessment of renal function is important in the management of patients with kidney disease or pathologies affecting renal function. Tests of renal function have utility in identifying the presence of renal disease, monitoring the response of kidneys to treatment, and determining the progression of renal disease. According to the National Institutes of Health, the overall prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is approximately 14%. Worldwide, the most common causes of CKD are hypertension and diabete \b Renal disease indicator \ldblquote 0\rdblquote  (No) or \ldblquote Y\rdblquote  (Yes) (chr)\b0\par
State :  52 state as number\par
County : A county is a geographical region of a country used for administrative or other purposes, in certain modern nations. (314)\par
NoOfMonths_PartACov :Number of months Medicare Part A covered (num)  13  labels\par
NoOfMonths_PartBCov : Number of months Medicare Part B covered (num) 13  labels\par
What is chronic condition :It is  a condition where 40% of adult are suffering from different kind of chronic diesease and this mostly occur in the adult  that are from US\par
Chronicondition Alzheimer:Alzheimer\rquote s disease is a progressive form of dementia. Dementia is a broader term for conditions caused by brain injuries or diseases that negatively affectmemory, thinking, and behavior.\par
# why we use this parameter chroniccond Alzheimer is mainly in US: because the symptoms of this disease is occur after the age of 65 so if we get diagnosed before this age we progressively recover but the their is no cure only we do treatment that can slow progession of he disease.\par
2.) chroniccondhearthfailure: A condition in which the heart has trouble pumping blood through the body. It may develop over a long period of time. Symptoms include shortness of breath, problems exercising, fatigue, and swelling of the feet, ankles, and abdomen.  Chronic heart failure may be caused by coronary artery disease, a heart attack, or high blood pressure. It usually occurs in people aged 65 years or older.\par
 # these disease is also occur in the age 65 year or older.\par
3.) chroniccond_kidneyDisease: Chronic kidney disease, also called chronic kidney failure, describes the gradual loss of kidney function. Your kidneys filter wastes and excess fluids from your blood, which are then excreted in your urine.  \par
# the intution is very great in this because this is also occur in the age above 60 and the ratio is very frequent  1:4 it mean this is good parameter for finding fraud.\par
4).chroniccond_cancer: Cancer cannot always be cured permanently, but the spread of the disease can be halted or slowed. This is when cancer becomes chronic. Chronic cancer may progress very slowly or remain unchanged.\par
# In this they have also occur in different age factor but most in the case if they occur after the age of 60 the cure is not possible at this  stage  but we can strech for some 5 to 6 if it is not last stage but we can  cure in the age factor less than 60 and high chances of cure in the age of less than 45 . so we can also this parmeter for detection of fraud because this show in the 3 different age group.\par
5.)chronicCond_obstrPulmonary: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a type of obstructive lung disease characterized by long-term breathing problems and poor airflow.\par
# this disease have different age group ration this mostly occur in the group of over 40 and another new factor is add is gender they equally spread in both the gender. \par
6.) ChronicCond_Depression: chronic depression, is less severe and has fewer symptoms than major depression. With dysthymia, the depression symptoms can linger for a long period of time, often two years or longer.\par
# the intution behind this is most important because this occur in the age group of 45 to 64 approx but they give some parameter is race  this is occur when the person is  non white and also they also depressed from any other work that they didn't get success that is also the reason  it will occur. \par
7.)ChronicCond_Diabetes: Diabetes is a chronic condition associated with abnormally high levels of sugar (glucose) in the blood. Insulin produced by the pancreas lowers blood glucose.\par
# this is also a very parameter beacause they are connected with the sub disease of kidney failure when diabetes is from very time the chances of kidney failure is high and this is mainly  occur in the age of above 45 but the risk factor is pretty high but in the US the mainly occur in 90 to 95 % of adult get diabetes but if the age is less than 45 so they can cure this using some controlled diet;\par
8.) ChronicCond_IschemicHeart: Ischemic heart disease, also known as coronary artery disease (CAD), is a condition in which fatty plaque deposits narrow artery walls leading to the heart and reduce blood flow.\par
# the Intution behind this very important because this disease is occur in more than 16 million american have this disease so this parameter is also important  for covering the age  and the age group in this disease is over 50 and also they occur same ratio  of gender this is also connect with heart failure disease because in the chances is of heart attack is more .\par
9.) ChronicCond_rheumatoidarthritis: Rheumatoid Arthritis is a chronic systemic disease that affects the joints, connective tissues, muscle, tendons, and fibrous tissue. It tends to strike during the most productive years of adulthood, between the ages of 20 and 40.\par
# this disease is also some important feature because it  occur in the newly age group people when they productive when their muscles and tendon are grow so they mainly affect  on the joint of muscles.\par
10.) chronicCond_osteoporasis:It is a family of disorders that affect bone growth in children and adolescents. The disruption of blood flow to the joints is often the cause.Though certain diseases in this family can affect older adults, they\rquote re most likely to affect children and teenagers whose bones are still growing\par
 # the Intution behind this disease is very important because these is mainly occur in the newly children and adolescents and they also affect on joint  they also do disruption in blood flow and this is mainly occur in the age group  upto 20 year so they two important point is they are inter connected with rheumatoidarthritis but they only have same quality that is they stop blood  flow in the muscles because both disease have some common chracteristics and this mainly in the age of upto 20 year people.\par
11.) ChronicCond_stroke:chronic stroke will be defined as 6 months to years after onset.At this point, liquefaction of damaged tissue should be complete resulting in a fluid-filled cyst. Behavioral recovery tends to plateau during this period revealing the likely scale of permanent disability .\par
# these disease  have no inter connection with any disease but they have common chracteristics of age this is mainly occur in the age group of above 65 but the risk is increase from the age group of 18 to 45 and mainly in this age group the percentage of stroke is 10 to 15% but more risk in the age of above 65.\par
-> overall intution:\par
# So the overall the intution in these all the disease is they have main common factor is age and some disease also have paramter like race and also some are inter linked with and also have the characteristics of different disease  it surely help to detect fraud with this information mainly because they have very dependency with different age and mainly if we leave 1 to 2 disease so all the disease are mainly occur in the age of above 60.  \par
IPAnnualReimbursementAmt :  In patient  You can pay for the medical expenses upfront and get the treatment done, and later submit all the bills to your insurer. Upon assessment of the bills, the insurer reimburses the expenses that you have incurred based on your sum assured limit.\par
IPAnnualDeductibleAmt :  In patient Deductible is the amount that a policy holder has to pay before the insurance company starts paying up. In other words, the insurance company is liable to pay the claim amount only when it exceeds the deductible. If the deductible of your policy is Rs 30,000 and the claim by the insured is Rs 40,000, then the insurance company is liable to pay only Rs 10,000. However, if the claim amount is less than the deductible, the insurer is not liable to pay any amount. For high deductible policies, the premium is lower while the low deductible policies have a higher premium.\par
OPAnnualReimbursementAmt :  out patient You can pay for the medical expenses upfront and get the treatment done, and later submit all the bills to your insurer. Upon assessment of the bills, the insurer reimburses the expenses that you have incurred based on your sum assured limit.\par
OPAnnualDeductibleAmt : out patient Deductible is the amount that a policy holder has to pay before the insurance company starts paying up. In other words, the insurance company is liable to pay the claim amount only when it exceeds the deductible. If the deductible of your policy is Rs 30,000 and the claim by the insured is Rs 40,000, then the insurance company is liable to pay only Rs 10,000. However, if the claim amount is less than the deductible, the insurer is not liable to pay any amount. For high deductible policies, the premium is lower while the low deductible policies have a higher premium.\par
}
 